h1. Welcome to insta4j

The java client api for Instapaper "Full":http://www.instapaper.com/api/full and "Simple":http://www.instapaper.com/api/simple
API which allows third-party applications to add URLs to Instapaper.

h2. Getting sources

Fork the project source code on "Github":https://github.com/dzontak/insta4j

bc. git clone git@github.com:dzontak/insta4j.git

1. Build the client with maven

bc. mvn install

2. Add insta4j-client and insta4j-simpleclient as dependencies to your pom.

bc. <dependency>
  <groupId>com.idtmatter</groupId>
  <artifactId>insta4j-client</artifactId>
  <version>1.0.0</version>
</dependency>

bc. <dependency>
  <groupId>com.idtmatter</groupId>
  <artifactId>insta4j-simpleclient</artifactId>
  <version>1.0.0</version>
</dependency>

h2. Getting Started

**Note:** Most of the Full API’s methods require the authenticating user to have a "Subscription account":http://www.instapaper.com/subscription
After you have subscribed you will be given 2 oauth codes a consumer key and secret
Create a file **insta4j.properties** with the following properties substituting your keys and add them to the classpath of you application

bc. oauth.consumer.key=4bOs6ZpYosPYwZnUcSaWa9TH4vAHQ1SRzKaic422Tk4Ax6GWQv

bc. oauth.consumer.secret=nk5LqpiquzhQoHoAruTZ3tempCU1s4pttR83xvBIDFoMRpWhMMX

The api is very easy to use and the best place to start is by looking at the unit tests.
There is an intergration test for each of the methods provided by the instapaper apis

h2. Reporting bugs

Please report bugs on "Github":https://github.com/dzontak/insta4j/issues

h2. Licence

Play framework is distributed under "Apache 2 licence":http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0.html
